README.rst, before:

Python wrapper for Telldus Live
===============================

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/tellive-py.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/tellive-py/

.. image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/erijo/tellive-py.png?branch=master
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/erijo/tellive-py

tellive-py is a Python wrapper for `Telldus Live <http://live.telldus.com/>`_,
"a user friendly service for automating your TellStick connected gear using the
Internet".

* Official home page: https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py
* Python package index: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/tellive-py

Please report any problem as a `GitHub issue report
<https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/issues/new>`_.

Features
--------

* Includes the script `tellive_core_connector
  <https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/blob/master/bin/tellive_core_connector>`_
  for connecting a e.g. a Tellstick Duo to Telldus Live without needing Telldus
  Center. Supports both devices and sensors.
* Open source (`GPLv3+
  <https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_).

Requirements
------------

* Python 3.2+
* `tellcore-py <https://github.com/erijo/tellcore-py>`_

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install tellive-py

Example
-------

To run the included program for connecting a TellStick to Telldus Live:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tellive_core_connector ~/.config/tellive.conf

Press Ctrl+C to exit the program. Then edit the config file
(``~/.config/tellive.conf`` in this example) and add a name to the sensors that
you wish to send to Telldus Live. You can also disabled devices that you don't
want to be controllable via Telldus Live (see ``tellive_core_connector --help``
for more info). Then start the program again as above.

The API can also be used by your own program. This how you would connect to
Telldus Live and register the client (with PUBLIC_KEY and PRIVATE_KEY from
`here <http://api.telldus.com/keys/index>`_):

.. code-block:: python

    client = TellstickLiveClient(PUBLIC_KEY, PRIVATE_KEY)
    (server, port) = client.connect_to_first_available_server()
    client.register(version="0.1")

Commit message:

Add all devices and sensors to the config on the first run

README.rst, after:

Python wrapper for Telldus Live
===============================

.. image:: https://badge.fury.io/py/tellive-py.png
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/tellive-py/

.. image:: https://secure.travis-ci.org/erijo/tellive-py.png?branch=master
    :target: http://travis-ci.org/erijo/tellive-py

tellive-py is a Python wrapper for `Telldus Live <http://live.telldus.com/>`_,
"a user friendly service for automating your TellStick connected gear using the
Internet".

* Official home page: https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py
* Python package index: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/tellive-py

Please report any problem as a `GitHub issue report
<https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/issues/new>`_.

Features
--------

* Includes the script `tellive_core_connector
  <https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/blob/master/bin/tellive_core_connector>`_
  for connecting a e.g. a Tellstick Duo to Telldus Live without needing Telldus
  Center. Supports both devices and sensors.
* Open source (`GPLv3+
  <https://github.com/erijo/tellive-py/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_).

Requirements
------------

* Python 3.2+
* `tellcore-py <https://github.com/erijo/tellcore-py>`_

Installation
------------

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install tellive-py

Example
-------

To run the included program for connecting a TellStick to Telldus Live:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ tellive_core_connector ~/.config/tellive.conf

The first time you run the program (with a particular config file), it will
exit and ask you to visit a given URL to give the program access to your
account.

When you have done so, you can then edit the config file
(``~/.config/tellive.conf`` in this example) and add a name to the sensors that
you wish to send to Telldus Live. You can also disabled devices that you don't
want to be controllable via Telldus Live (see ``tellive_core_connector --help``
for more info). Then start the program again as above.

The API can also be used by your own program. This how you would connect to
Telldus Live and register the client (with PUBLIC_KEY and PRIVATE_KEY from
`here <http://api.telldus.com/keys/index>`_):

.. code-block:: python

    client = TellstickLiveClient(PUBLIC_KEY, PRIVATE_KEY)
    (server, port) = client.connect_to_first_available_server()
    client.register(version="0.1")
